README.md, before:

# Artificial Intelligence Nanodegree
## Introductory Project: Diagonal Sudoku Solver

# Question 1 (Naked Twins)
Q: How do we use constraint propagation to solve the naked twins problem?  
A: *Student should provide answer here*

# Question 2 (Diagonal Sudoku)
Q: How do we use constraint propagation to solve the diagonal sudoku problem?  
A: *Student should provide answer here*

### Install

This project requires **Python 3**.

We recommend students install [Anaconda](https://www.continuum.io/downloads), a pre-packaged Python distribution that contains all of the necessary libraries and software for this project. 
Please try using the environment we provided in the Anaconda lesson of the Nanodegree.

##### Optional: Pygame

Optionally, you can also install pygame if you want to see your visualization. If you've followed our instructions for setting up our conda environment, you should be all set.

If not, please see how to download pygame [here](http://www.pygame.org/download.shtml).

### Code

* `solutions.py` - You'll fill this in as part of your solution.
* `solution_test.py` - Do not modify this. You can test your solution by running `python solution_test.py`.
* `PySudoku.py` - Do not modify this. This is code for visualizing your solution.
* `visualize.py` - Do not modify this. This is code for visualizing your solution.

### Visualizing

To visualize your solution, please only assign values to the values_dict using the ```assign_values``` function provided in solution.py

### Data

The data consists of a text file of diagonal sudokus for you to solve.

Commit message:

Fill in functions using class samples and new code

README.md, after:

# Artificial Intelligence Nanodegree
## Introductory Project: Diagonal Sudoku Solver
Student:  Kahlil Khan, kahlilkhan@gmail.com

# Question 1 (Naked Twins)
Q: How do we use constraint propagation to solve the naked twins problem?  
A: The naked twin strategy constrains the values of other boxes in the same unit by ensuring no other boxes in that unit share any digits with the twins.  It does this by eliminating either of the twin's values as a possiblity for the remaining unsolved boxes.  This often reduces the number of digits in these peers, increasing the efficiency of the other strategies and the recursive depth-first search method.

# Question 2 (Diagonal Sudoku)
Q: How do we use constraint propagation to solve the diagonal sudoku problem?  
A: By adding the two major diagonals as units to the unitlist and peers dictionaries, these units become constraints to the existing solution functions (eliminate, only choice, naked twins, reduce, and search) that rely on those dictionaries to identify peers.  For example, the "eliminate" function now factors in the diagonal units when reviewing a box's peers, and if that box falls on either of the major diagonals, there are additional peers to iterate through for possible value elimination.

### Install

This project requires Python 3.  Pygame for visualization is optional.

### Code

* `solutions.py` - Sukodu grid encoding and strategy functions (eliminate, only choice, naked twins, search)
* `solution_test.py` - Unit test cases; run `python solution_test.py`.
* `PySudoku.py` - Code for visualizing your solution.
* `visualize.py` - Code for visualizing your solution.

### Data

The data consists of a text file of diagonal sudokus.
